This project involves building a node-based frontend interface to visualize and control a Multi-Agent Orchestration System, similar to workflow automation tools like n8n.

The interface represents each AI agent as an individual node in a graph, including Research, Coding, Testing, and PR agents, connected through directed edges that define the execution flow.

The system provides real-time visualization of execution, where each node dynamically updates its state based on progress:

Idle (waiting)

Running (currently executing)

Success (completed)

Failed (error occurred)

As the workflow executes, the UI highlights the active node, allowing users to track the system’s decision-making process step-by-step. In case of failures (e.g., test failure), the workflow visually loops back to the previous node, demonstrating conditional execution.

The frontend is built using React and React Flow, enabling:

Interactive node-based visualization

Dynamic edge connections

Real-time state updates and animations

This approach transforms a complex backend AI workflow into an intuitive, visual, and traceable system, improving transparency, debugging, and user understanding of agent-based orchestration.
python main.py --repo https://github.com/prakhar0085/test-ai-fix --issue 1

python -m uvicorn api:app --host 0.0.0.0 --port 8000 --reload

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

AiOrch — Project Analysis & Resume Roadmap
🧠 What It Actually Is
AiOrch is an autonomous Multi-Agent AI Orchestration System that:

Takes a GitHub Issue URL as input
Clones the repo and sends it to an LLM for root-cause analysis (Research Agent)
Generates a code fix autonomously and writes it to disk (Coding Agent)
Writes a pytest test suite and runs it in an isolated Docker sandbox (Testing Agent)
If tests fail → loops back to the Coding Agent (with error context) — up to 3 retries
On success → commits the fix to a new branch and opens a GitHub Pull Request (PR Agent)
Streams all of this live to a React Flow dashboard via Server-Sent Events (SSE)
✅ Resume Verdict: YES — This is a Strong Project
Verdict: 8.5/10 for resume impact at the SWE / AI Engineer level.

Why it impresses interviewers:
Dimension	What You Have
AI/ML Depth	LangGraph stateful agent graph, Groq LLM API (Llama 3.3-70B), structured prompting
Real Architecture	Multi-agent system with actual state flow, retry loop, conditional routing
DevOps	Dockerized test sandbox for code isolation — not just calling an API
Full-Stack	Python FastAPI backend + React Vite frontend, SSE streaming
UX Polish	React Flow visualization, live edge animations, structured log drawer
Real Use Case	Solves a real problem (auto-fixing bugs) — not a toy demo
API Integrations	GitHub API (create branch, commit, open PR), Groq API, Docker
Honest Weaknesses (what interviewers may probe):
Gap	Why it matters
No persistent storage (DB)	State lives only in memory — no run history
No authentication	API is completely open (allow_origins: ["*"])
Single agent per node	Agents don't collaborate or debate — just linear + retry
No observability	No LLM token cost tracking, no latency metrics per node
No streaming mid-node	You only know when a node is done, not what it's thinking
🚀 Advanced Features — Ranked by Impact
🏆 Tier 1 — Dramatically increases resume impact
1. 🧠 Persistent Run History (SQLite/PostgreSQL)
What: Save every orchestration run to a database. Store inputs, outputs, patches, test results, PR URLs.

Why it impresses: Shows you understand stateful systems and data persistence — not just calling APIs.

How:

Add SQLAlchemy or Tortoise ORM
Store 
AgentState
 as a JSON column + structured metadata
Add /runs API endpoint to list previous runs
Add a History Panel in the frontend sidebar
2. 📡 Live Token Streaming (Mid-Node LLM Streaming)
What: Instead of waiting for a full LLM response, stream tokens in real-time. Show the AI "thinking" in the log drawer as it types.

Why it impresses: Demonstrates advanced SSE + async Python + LangChain streaming. Very visual — great for demos.

How:

Use llm.astream() instead of llm.invoke() in each agent
Pipe token chunks through a new SSE event type {"event": "token", "node": "research", "chunk": "..."}
Render live in the drawer with a typewriter effect
3. 🔒 Multi-Repo + Auth Layer
What: Add a simple JWT-based auth system. Let users log in, each with their own GitHub token and run history.

Why it impresses: Shows full-stack thinking beyond prototypes. Instantly makes the project "production-ready."

4. 🤖 Agent Debate Mode (Multi-LLM)
What: Before applying a fix, spawn 2 Coding Agents with different temperature settings and have a "Judge Agent" pick the better patch.

Why it impresses: This is genuinely novel. Shows understanding of ensemble LLM techniques and advanced agent patterns. Very differentiating.

How:

Add a code_a, 
code_b
, judge node to the LangGraph
Judge receives both patches + the issue and picks the winner
Show both options in the UI with confidence scores
🥈 Tier 2 — Solid additions, moderate effort
5. 📊 LLM Cost & Latency Dashboard
What: Track tokens used and time taken per agent node. Show it in the status bar.

Why: Demonstrates cost awareness — something real engineering teams care deeply about.

How: Wrap llm.invoke() with a decorator that measures time + parses response.usage_metadata from Groq.

6. 🐙 Support Multiple LLM Providers
What: Add a provider selector: Groq, OpenAI, Anthropic, Ollama (local).

Why: Shows you understand LLM abstraction and can design extensible systems. Also removes the "only works with Groq" limitation.

How: Use LangChain's unified interface. Add a PROVIDER env var and a factory function.

7. 📋 Issue Comment Bot
What: After creating the PR, have the PR Agent post a comment on the original GitHub Issue summarizing what was fixed, what files were changed, and linking to the PR.

Why: Makes the end-to-end loop feel complete and fully automated. Great for demos.

8. 🧩 Plugin Architecture for Custom Agents
What: Allow users to define custom agent nodes in YAML/JSON config without touching Python code.

yaml
agents:
  - name: security_scan
    prompt: "Scan this code for security vulnerabilities..."
    after: code
    before: test
Why: Shows understanding of extensible system design. Advanced architecture concept.

🥉 Tier 3 — Polish & portfolio presentation
9. One-Click Deploy (Docker Compose)
What: A single docker-compose up that starts both the FastAPI backend and Vite frontend together.

Why: Makes the project instantly runnable by anyone. Critical for recruiters who want to quickly test it.

10. Replay Mode
What: Record all SSE events for a run. Add a "Replay" button in the UI that re-animates a previous run without re-running the AI.

Why: Very useful for demos — you can show the full workflow without waiting 2-3 minutes for the real pipeline to run.

🎯 Recommended Priority Order
1. Persistent Run History    ← Makes it production-grade
2. Live Token Streaming      ← Most visually impressive for demos  
3. LLM Cost Tracking         ← Shows engineering maturity
4. Agent Debate Mode         ← Most unique/differentiating feature
5. Docker Compose deploy     ← Makes it instantly shareable
6. Replay Mode               ← Great for interview demos
💬 How to Pitch It in Interviews
"I built an autonomous multi-agent system using LangGraph that takes a GitHub issue, clones the repo, generates a fix using Groq's Llama 3.3, writes and runs pytest tests in an isolated Docker sandbox, and if tests pass, automatically opens a Pull Request. It has a self-healing retry loop where if tests fail, the Coding Agent receives the test output as feedback and tries again. The whole process is visualized live in a React Flow dashboard via Server-Sent Events."

Key talking points:

LangGraph state machine design with conditional routing
Docker sandboxing for safe code execution
SSE for real-time frontend ↔ backend communication
The retry/self-healing loop (most impressive architecture decision)